would you like to learn how to get a job
in digital marketing even if you have no
experience hey everyone i'm neil patel
and today i'm gonna break down how to
get a job in digital marketing even if
you have no experience
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
out of curiosity how many years of
experience do you currently have is it
zero is it one years is it three years
let me know in the comments below and
then i'll figure out how to help you in
addition from this video content any
questions you may have i can adjust the
responses based on the amount of years
you have in the experience so doing
digital marketing for a real business is
the best way to learn it before even
trying to sell digital marketing
services or trying to get a job you
gotta learn it yourself find one area
that you can deliver results in fast for
example paid ad management or it could
be email marketing or it could be things
like social media marketing i would
avoid things like learning seo right
away the reason being is seo takes slow
and steady to get results youtube seo
you can get results right away but
traditional google seo or being seo it
does take time so when you're learning
digital marketing you want to get a job
remember the quicker you can produce
results the better off you are it so i
want you to now find an age to
specialize in example of this is local
industries like dentistry real estate
financial services doctors i found that
local businesses or e-commerce they have
quite a bit of a high ltv there's tons
and tons of customers they're always
popping up it's a really good area to
specialize in
in addition to that if you read blogs
from a lot of the popular marketing
blogs out there
and you learn tips from you create your
own site and you implement what you just
learned you can get first-hand
experience really fast and this can help
you get better experience and when
you're going out for a job you have to
remember even if you don't have time to
create your own websites what i like
doing this helps get a job quicker than
anything else that i've tested
is you do free audits even if it's seo
or paid advertising you can do free
audits so for example this is i can take
a competitor url and put it into
ubersuggest go into the site audit
report show them what's wrong create my
own report send it off to them and
there's a good chance they may hire you
for seo you got to look at the mistakes
they're doing what's costing you money
what they can fix what priority uh t
should they make those fixes and what's
funny is the uber city audit report will
show you all of that even if you don't
have the most experience out there now
also look at opportunities that they're
not leveraging are there competitors
doing social media marketing and they're
not are they comparison seo and they're
not are the competitors being paid
advertising and they're not keep in mind
people wouldn't be spending all this
money unless it worked you also want to
make sure that your advice is actionable
and and more actionable as possible the
better in other words can they take what
you just provide them and do it without
you if they can that's a good thing
people like neil how's that a good thing
that means they don't have to hire me
well if you put all your cards in the
table and you put people first there's
actually a better chance you'll get
hired
always tie your advice back to
measurable roi this is super important
this is why people use tools like google
analytics to track the roi and what i
recommend doing is if you're trying to
get a job charge less than the agencies
out there and other professionals in
your local area and i would recommend
doing some work for free and if you give
a little bit away for free and you build
that trust there's a really high chance
that they will hire you because look at
the end of the day your goal is to give
clients results and showing that you're
willing to put some skin in the game
really helps right you need to show how
you can increase your sales show an
increase in leave show more foot traffic
show more phone calls dialing in the
better your results that you're bringing
your clients
the better type of clients you're going
to attract in the future
now the last thing that i recommend
doing for you if you're trying to get a
job in digital marketing is go get your
certifications hubspot certification
google adwords certification look what
other social networks have
certifications whether it's facebook or
snapchat or reddit
look to see what email programs have
certification
all this stuff will help you get jobs
quicker and don't just get the
certification try it out on some sites
with google adwords there's a lot of
free credit that you can get out there
if you sign up for hosting plans that's
great because
learning adwords is one thing but
actually doing it right versus
reading it is which is how most people
learn but doing it and spending the
money will make you a much better
marketer
and the reason i said earlier on start
with local businesses or e-commerce
sites that are really tiny because these
local sites really compete with other
businesses within that region it's much
easier to get results i would not try to
go out there from scratch and try to do
things on a national global level
because it's going to be much harder you
need to get your feet wet start getting
good build your confidence up and then
dive more into it
that's how you get your first digital
marketing job with little to no
experience if you have any questions
leave a comment below if you're
interested in job and digital marketing
check out my ad agency np digital where
we're always hiring throughout the world
and thank you for watching this video
please subscribe like it share with
others